Overhaul (#77)
extendr/extendr.github.io: contributing/index.qmd

---
title: "Contributing"
page-layout: article
toc: true
toc-depth: 0
date: today
date-format: long
---

The extendr project has three main areas where you can contribute:

**extendr crates** — The core Rust library. This is where the `#[extendr]`
macro, R type bindings, and the bulk of the Rust API live.
Contributions here require Rust experience. The repository is at
[github.com/extendr/extendr](https://github.com/extendr/extendr).

**rextendr package** — The R package that scaffolds new extendr projects

> and generates R wrapper functions. Contributions here require R

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**rextendr package** — The R package that scaffolds new extendr projects.
Contributions here require R
```

Reviewer: Technically devtools::document() does the wrapper generation now
